HTTP stands for hypertext transfer protocol. It is the basis for all web applications because its used for communication. More specifically, HTTP is the method where computers and servers use to request and send information. 

HTTP/1.1:
	The first usable version of HTTP was created in 1997 and  this first version of HTTP was called HTTP/1.1 and is still use on the web.
	HTTP/1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all the other resources behind it. 
	A server only serves content to a client device if the client asks for it. However, this approach is not always practical for modern webpages, which often involve several dozen separate resources that the client must request. 
	Small files load more quickly than large ones. To speed up web performance, HTTP/1.1 will compress HTTP messages to make them smaller.
	 HTTP/1.1 is slower and less efficient than HTTP/2.

What is HTTP/3?
HTTP/2:
	A new version of HTTP was created in 2015  this first version of HTTP was called HTTP/2. HTTP/2 solves several problems that the creators of HTTP/1.1 did not anticipate. In particular, HTTP/2 is much faster and more efficient than HTTP/1.1. One of the ways in which HTTP/2 is faster is in how it prioritizes content during the loading process.
	HTTP/2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource. This method of data delivery is known as multiplexing. Developers can assign each of these data streams a different weighted value, and the value tells the client which data stream to render first.
	HTTP/2 is allowing a server to "push" content to a client before the client asks for it. The server also sends a message letting the client know what pushed content to expect.
	HTTP/2 uses a more advanced compression method called HPACK that eliminates redundant information in HTTP header packets. This eliminates a few bytes from every HTTP packet, resulting in faster loading.
	 HTTP/2 is much faster and more efficient than HTTP/1.1.